README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="Ice/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/icon_256x256.png" width=200 height=200>
    <h1>Ice</h1>
</div>

Ice is a powerful menu bar management tool. While its primary function is hiding and showing menu bar items, it aims to cover a wide variety of additional features to make it one of the most versatile menu bar tools available.

![Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4423085c-4e4b-4f3d-ad0f-90a217c03470)

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-latest-brightgreen?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jordanbaird/Ice/releases/latest)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-blue?style=flat-square)
![Requirements](https://img.shields.io/badge/requirements-macOS%2014%2B-fa4e49?style=flat-square)
[![Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor%20%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-8A2BE2?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sponsors/jordanbaird)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-015FBA?style=flat-square)](https://icemenubar.app)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jordanbaird/Ice?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

> [!NOTE]
> Ice is currently in active development. Some features have not yet been implemented. Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/jordanbaird/Ice/releases/latest) and see the roadmap below for upcoming features.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jordanbaird" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;">
</a>

## Install

### Manual Installation

Download the "Ice.zip" file from the [latest release](https://github.com/jordanbaird/Ice/releases/latest) and move the unzipped app into your `Applications` folder.

### Homebrew

Install Ice using the following command:

```sh
brew install --cask jordanbaird-ice
```

## Features/Roadmap

### Menu bar item management

- [x] Hide menu bar items
- [x] "Always-hidden" menu bar section
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items when hovering over the menu bar
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items when an empty area in the menu bar is clicked
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items by scrolling or swiping in the menu bar
- [x] Automatically rehide menu bar items
- [x] Hide application menus when they overlap with shown menu bar items
- [x] Drag and drop interface to arrange individual menu bar items
- [x] Display hidden menu bar items in a separate bar (e.g. for MacBooks with the notch)
- [x] Search menu bar items
- [x] Menu bar item spacing (BETA)
- [ ] Profiles for menu bar layout
- [ ] Individual spacer items
- [ ] Menu bar item groups
- [ ] Show menu bar items when trigger conditions are met

### Menu bar appearance

- [x] Menu bar tint (solid and gradient)
- [x] Menu bar shadow
- [x] Menu bar border
- [x] Custom menu bar shapes (rounded and/or split)
- [ ] Remove background behind menu bar
- [ ] Rounded screen corners
- [ ] Different settings for light/dark mode

### Hotkeys

- [x] Toggle individual menu bar sections
- [x] Show the search panel
- [x] Enable/disable the Ice Bar
- [x] Show/hide section divider icons
- [x] Toggle application menus
- [ ] Enable/disable auto rehide
- [ ] Temporarily show individual menu bar items

### Other

- [x] Launch at login
- [x] Automatic updates
- [ ] Menu bar widgets

## Why does Ice only support macOS 14 and later?

Ice uses a number of system APIs that are available starting in macOS 14. As such, there are no plans to support earlier versions of macOS.

## Gallery

#### Show hidden menu bar items below the menu bar

![Ice Bar](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f1429589-6186-4e1b-8aef-592219d49b9b)

#### Drag-and-drop interface to arrange menu bar items

![Menu Bar Layout](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/095442ba-f2d0-4bb4-9632-91e26ef8d45b)

#### Customize the menu bar's appearance

![Menu Bar Appearance](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c22c185-c3d2-49bb-971e-e1fc17df04b3)

#### Menu bar item search

![Menu Bar Item Search](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d1a7df3a-4989-4077-a0b1-8e7d5a1ba5b8)

#### Custom menu bar item spacing

![Menu Bar Item Spacing](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b196aa7e-184a-4d4c-b040-502f4aae40a6)

## License

Ice is available under the [GPL-3.0 license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Rename Ice to Thaw in README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="Resources/Icon.png" width=200 height=200>
    <h1>Thaw</h1>
</div>

> [!NOTE]
> **Thaw** is a fork of [Ice](https://github.com/jordanbaird/Ice) by Jordan Baird. 
> As the original project appears to be inactive, Thaw aims to keep the project alive fixing bugs, ensuring compatibility with the latest macOS releases, and eventually implementing the remaining roadmap features.

Thaw is a powerful menu bar management tool. While its primary function is hiding and showing menu bar items, it aims to cover a wide variety of additional features to make it one of the most versatile menu bar tools available.

![Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4423085c-4e4b-4f3d-ad0f-90a217c03470)

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-latest-brightgreen?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stonerl/Thaw/releases/latest)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-blue?style=flat-square)
![Requirements](https://img.shields.io/badge/requirements-macOS%2014%2B-fa4e49?style=flat-square)
[![Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor%20%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-8A2BE2?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sponsors/stonerl)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/stonerl/Thaw?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

> [!NOTE]
> Thaw is currently in active development. Some features have not yet been implemented. Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/stonerlThaw/releases/latest) and see the roadmap below for upcoming features.

## Install

### Manual Installation

Download the "Thaw.zip" file from the [latest release](https://github.com/stonerl/Thaw/releases/latest) and move the unzipped app into your `Applications` folder.

### Homebrew

Install Thaw using the following command:

```sh
brew install --cask thaw
```

## Features/Roadmap

### Menu bar item management

- [x] Hide menu bar items
- [x] "Always-hidden" menu bar section
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items when hovering over the menu bar
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items when an empty area in the menu bar is clicked
- [x] Show hidden menu bar items by scrolling or swiping in the menu bar
- [x] Automatically rehide menu bar items
- [x] Hide application menus when they overlap with shown menu bar items
- [x] Drag and drop interface to arrange individual menu bar items
- [x] Display hidden menu bar items in a separate bar (e.g. for MacBooks with the notch)
- [x] Search menu bar items
- [x] Menu bar item spacing (BETA)
- [ ] Profiles for menu bar layout
- [ ] Individual spacer items
- [ ] Menu bar item groups
- [ ] Show menu bar items when trigger conditions are met

### Menu bar appearance

- [x] Menu bar tint (solid and gradient)
- [x] Menu bar shadow
- [x] Menu bar border
- [x] Custom menu bar shapes (rounded and/or split)
- [ ] Remove background behind menu bar
- [ ] Rounded screen corners
- [ ] Different settings for light/dark mode

### Hotkeys

- [x] Toggle individual menu bar sections
- [x] Show the search panel
- [x] Enable/disable the Thaw Bar
- [x] Show/hide section divider icons
- [x] Toggle application menus
- [ ] Enable/disable auto rehide
- [ ] Temporarily show individual menu bar items

### Other

- [x] Launch at login
- [x] Automatic updates
- [ ] Menu bar widgets

## Why does Thaw only support macOS 14 and later?

Thaw uses a number of system APIs that are available starting in macOS 14. As such, there are no plans to support earlier versions of macOS.

## Gallery

#### Show hidden menu bar items below the menu bar

![Thaw Bar](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f1429589-6186-4e1b-8aef-592219d49b9b)

#### Drag-and-drop interface to arrange menu bar items

![Menu Bar Layout](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/095442ba-f2d0-4bb4-9632-91e26ef8d45b)

#### Customize the menu bar's appearance

![Menu Bar Appearance](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c22c185-c3d2-49bb-971e-e1fc17df04b3)

#### Menu bar item search

![Menu Bar Item Search](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d1a7df3a-4989-4077-a0b1-8e7d5a1ba5b8)

#### Custom menu bar item spacing

![Menu Bar Item Spacing](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b196aa7e-184a-4d4c-b040-502f4aae40a6)

## License

Thaw is available under the [GPL-3.0 license](LICENSE).
